README.md, before:

# Another awscli

[![](https://travis-ci.org/wenlock/docker-awscli.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/wenlock/docker-awscli)

Lets build another aws cli tool for docker so we can hack. :tada:

## Using the image
Here is some instructions on how to use it.

### Setup a function
This works in bash

```bash
  function awscli {
      export AWS_CLI_IMAGE="${AWS_CLI_IMAGE:-wenlock/awscli}"
      docker run -it --rm -e AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID \
                                       -e AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY \
                                       -e AWS_DEFAULT_REGION \
                                       ${AWS_CLI_IMAGE} aws $@
  }
```

Don't like the `latest` version, just set `export AWS_CLI_IMAGE=wenlock/awscli:1.11.189`.
We'll get the aws version you ask for.

### Setup credentials with environment vars

```bash
export AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=aaaabbbbbb
export AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=xxxxxxxxxx
export AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=us-east-1
```

### Use it

For example:

`eval $(aws ecr get-login)`

## Contributing to awscli

Want to help me, wow cool!  

Fork this repo and submit a PR :D


## Licensing
[MIT](LICENSE.txt)

Commit message:

Bump the version to latest aws cli
This bumps the version of the awscli to latest version and adds some
helper scripts for running the image with something like dind.

README.md, after:

# Another awscli

[![](https://travis-ci.org/wenlock/docker-awscli.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/wenlock/docker-awscli)

Lets build another aws cli tool for docker so we can hack. :tada:

## Using the image
Here is some instructions on how to use it.

### Setup a function
This works in bash

```bash
  function aws {
      export AWS_CLI_IMAGE="${AWS_CLI_IMAGE:-wenlock/awscli}"
      docker run -it --rm -e AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID \
                                       -e AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY \
                                       -e AWS_DEFAULT_REGION \
                                       ${AWS_CLI_IMAGE} aws $@
  }
```

Don't like the `latest` version, just set `export AWS_CLI_IMAGE=wenlock/awscli:1.11.189`.
We'll get the aws version you ask for.

### Using Contributed Scripts

We also have contributed scripts from `./contrib/linux` folder that can
be installed on a target system to enable using the container easier.

Simply copy the `contrib/[platform]` script to the location in your path, and
start using `aws`.  Example Dockerfile for how to include this into a dind image might look like:

```
FROM wenlock/awscli:1.15.21 as awscli
FROM dind
COPY --from=awscli /contrib/linux /usr/local/bin/aws
```

### Setup credentials with environment vars

```bash
export AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=aaaabbbbbb
export AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=xxxxxxxxxx
export AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=us-east-1
```

### Use it

For example:

`eval $(aws ecr get-login)`

## Contributing to awscli

Want to help me, wow cool!  

Fork this repo and submit a PR :D


## Licensing
[MIT](LICENSE.txt)
